Welcome Back to Movies Recapped,
Today I am going to explain Action Thriller
film, Robo Cop.
The film starts from the scene,
where a news reporter was telling about a
droid on TV.
Droid are the kind of a robot that walks and
its and its structure are alike real humans.
But it is a huge robot.
That robot is now completely prepared.
For its final experiment and to show people
that how it works.
It is brought to the city.
With it, it is also showing live on TV.
The reporter tells that if we will wear a
bracelet we can control our droid.
Means this robot.
It will obey our orders.
Then we see that the walking robots are scanning
the humans of the city.
The people of that place were irritated by
them.
Because they don't want to give their place
to robots.
Because those robots were looking advanced.
They have every function.
There were some people who start shooting
those robots.
Because they think that those robots can harm
them.
But now the problem is that there was also
the detection system in those robots.
That who can harm them.
It can also detect any metal thing.
And if a human is having a weapon they can
also detect it.
Now when the humans attack the robots so the
robots also attack them to defend themselves.
Due to which many humans die.
A man who was dead in them his son comes in
front of them.
He was having a knife in his hand.
A robot detects it.
And it kills that innocent boy.
But it doesn't affect the news reporter of
the Tv.
He was just given the money from the CEO of
that company.
To play his ads.
To admire his robots.
So he says that it is a good thing that these
robots are sensible to defend themselves.
And to detect the things like metal.
It will help us.
Now we can see live that the whole city is
destroying.
Because of those robots.
With it, that news reporter tells that the
CEO of this company who has made those robots.
He wants to send these robots to other cities
or countries also.
Means these robots and with it he also favors
him.
But then we see that the senator of this place
refuses for it.
Now the scene changes towards a police station.
We see a detective, Murphy.
Her team was getting aggressive with her.
Actually, the thing is that one night before
Murphy and her companion went to meet a man.
That man has stolen some pieces of evidence.
The strange thing is that those pieces of
evidence were stolen from their police station.
This Murphy comes to know that he is a person
from her department.
That person is deceiving them.
But on the other side, that person also comes
to know that Murphy and his companion are
detectives.
And they fight a lot.
Due to which the companion of Murphy was injured.
That's why that criminal also runs from there.
Murphy couldn't catch him.
On the other side, the CEO of the company
was sitting worried.
That I will deploy my robots at any cost.
They have just this problem that they don't
have emotions.
That they don't have feelings like humans.
So why don't we mix humans and robots?
Then they both will have emotions and it will
happen the same they want.
That CEO meets his special doctor.
He says that we want a human whose body parts
can be replaced with robots.
For this, you have to help me.
The companion of Murphy meets with that criminal.
And he tells him that the police department
is now behind him.
Here we come to know that he was the man.
He was deceiving everyone in the department.
And he was with that criminal.
That man says to the criminal that for this
we have to move Murphy from our way.
I will support you.
So they plan to fix a bomb in Murphy's car.
And as he will come to his car this bomb will
explode.
He will die.
In the next scene, we see that Murphy was
in his home with his wife and son.
He had a lovely family.
And they love each other.
Meanwhile, Murphy hears the voice of his car
from outside.
When he goes to check it the bomb of his car
explodes.
Due to which the condition of Murphy gets
worse.
He was badly injured.
His all body parts were injured.
His hands, feet, and even his eyes everything
was damaged.
When that CEO comes to know about it he talks
to his doctor immediately.
He is that human.
He is the one that will prove good for us.
We can't find a better human than him in our
project.
Whom we can convert into a robot.
So we will adjust the robotic parts in his
body.
Like this, he can remain alive.
They tell everything to Murphy's wife.
They make her agree.
That this is the only way to keep your husband
alive.
Murphy's wife was weeping a lot.
And she doesn't want to see her husband in
this condition.
But she doesn't have any other solution.
So while putting stone on her heart she hardly
allows for this.
She gives them permission.
Then we see that the time of 3 months has
passed.
The doctor was doing hard work on Murphy's
body.
Then finally robotic Murphy comes in front
of us.
When the doctor turns on the robot of Murphy,
Murphy couldn't believe his condition.
Murphy says to the doctor that what have you
people done with me?
Then the doctor tells him everything.
Do you remember that you went near your car?
That bomb was exploded.
There was nothing left fine in your body.
That was the only way to keep you alive.
Then Murphy says that to die was better than
this.
Is this a life to stay connected with a machine?
When Murphy's body was shown from inside it
was looking strange.
Means his lungs, his head, and his heart was
fine.
His other body was just a machine.
The doctor makes him understand.
Then Murphy understands.
That there was no solution except this.
And he accepts this reality.
Then he was told that you have to learn to
fight.
You were a detective before.
It will beneficial for you.
Just improve your shooting skills.
For this, he was given much training.
After it, the CEO says to everyone that now
we will do a real experiment.
We will see that till now what Murphy has
learned.
They called his wife there.
Then Murphy was taken to a place where there
were many other droids.
This means there were many robots.
Now their fight starts.
Many droids attack Murphy.
But Murphy was so strong and he has many skills.
That he defeats all the droids.
While seeing this the CEO becomes happy.
After this successful operation, Murphy was
allowed for the first time to meet his family.
Now when for the first time Murphy comes in
front of his wife and his son.
They were sad.
Because Murphy was not like before.
But that was enough for them that Murphy was
alive at least.
And he was with them.
Then we see that an event was arranged.
In which they will introduce the droid of
Murphy to everyone.
And they have to tell all that how good robot
is he.
He also has emotions.
Same like humans.
Everyone was questioning the robot of Murphy
one by one.
He was answering well and impressing everyone.
But then that footage comes in front of his
eyes.
Means the footage of his car explosion, seeing
it, his mind loses its control.
And he feels hurt.
Due to which his system shows error.
The doctor immediately shuts him down.
Now the doctors make a plan to do his emotion
level zero.
This means if he will not have feelings, he
will not get hurt while remembering his past.
He will not have any problem.
Then they do the same.
They take out his emotions and feelings from
his body.
Due to it, now he has turned into a complete
robot.
When he was taken for the demo his son sees
him while passing a smile.
But he was serious.
He doesn't pass any smile to his son.
And after going to the stage he starts scanning
everyone.
He was scanning everyone with a serious face.
Meanwhile, he also scans a criminal.
He immediately shoots him.
Everyone knows that he is a criminal.
Then he was appreciated.
Here finally he was passed and given the name
Robocop.
Means a robotic cop.
Now the CEO and the doctor plan that we will
keep this RoboCop means the boot of Murphy
for our work.
We will not let her family know.
That he has no emotions.
They were oppressing him and his family while
doing this.
But they don't care.
They were bad.
On the other side, we see that Murphy means
RoboCop.
He was detecting all the criminals while using
his technology.
After compiling all the CCTV footage and while
seeing everything.
He starts shooting the criminals after searching
for them.
And in then few days all the criminals from
the city were killed.
The crime was removed from the city.
Seeing it, the people become happy with Murphy.
They make him their hero.
Murphy means Robocop does these all works
on his heavy bike.
He goes everywhere.
Once he was passing from the way meanwhile
his wife comes in front of him.
She says to him that Murphy our son is missing
you.
You didn't come home for many days.
I am worried about you.
She was very worried there.
But when Murphy detects her he couldn't know
that she is worried.
He leaves from there while ignoring her.
Obviously, he has no emotions.
This thing hurts Murphy's wife a lot.
But naturally, he was a human.
So he starts capturing related to his wife
and son.
And starts joining.
He comes to know that he has changed into
a robot and from that day his son is in trouble.
When he detects his face he comes to know
that he is scared.
And also worried.
Then he brings the image of that place where
that bomb exploded in his mind.
He comes to know that his son was also watching
all this from the window upside.
That's why he was scared.
Murphy goes to his house.
His emotions were returning.
When the doctor comes to know this he couldn't
understand that how his emotions are returning?
But now the fire of revenge was burning in
Murphy's heart for that criminal.
The criminal who had fixed the bomb in his
car and his son had seen this from the window.
He goes to catch that criminal.
On his way, he meets with that companion who
helped that criminal.
He tracks him and takes his address.
But that criminal already knows it.
He makes his weapons ready there.
He turns off the lights.
But Murphy has the special ability that he
can see at night.
Means he has night vision.
Getting a chance from it, he goes inside while
breaking their warehouse.
He starts detecting them while using his night
vision ability.
He shoots them one by one.
But they were also using their weapons.
Due to it, Murphy also gets injured.
His robotic body was also damaged.
But Murphy was still powerful.
He finally kills that criminal here.
Then he picks up their weapons and takes their
fingerprints from them.
After it, he comes to know that there are
two peoples in his police station whom fingerprints
are there.
Means the deceivers who were supporting that
criminal.
He immediately goes to the police station.
Those men speak out everything.
That we are not behind this.
We have a senior who has said to do this while
scary.
Murphy gets aggressive after hearing this.
That she was scolding me that day and she
is responsible for this.
So he goes to shoot her.
But the people present there shut him down.
Now the company that makes droids tells everyone.
That there was weakness in Murphy.
We can't turn him on before searching out
a solution.
Now CEO was saying to his company people that
if makes Murphy alive so his emotions are
already returning.
And if his all emotions will return his love
for his family will revive.
And he will go to his family far from us.
There is one solution for it.
That we shut down him for always.
Kill him.
And we will say to people that he is crashed.
Then everyone will give us sympathy.
Everyone will favor us.
That we have lost a lot of money after this
loss.
The CEO spreads this thing everywhere.
Now everyone was showing sympathy with him.
That he was a good robot.
Now in sympathy, he was allowed to send his
droids and robots to the other countries.
It was beneficial for that CEO.
He already wants this.
The CEO in reality wants to remove Murphy's
plug to finished him forever.
But his special doctor comes to know it.
Now we come to know that he was a good-hearted
doctor.
He immediately goes to Murphy's robot.
He immediately activates him and tells him
everything.
That CEO is going to do this with you.
You immediately run from here.
Murphy doesn't listen to anything and goes
from there while taking his bike.
He was going to the place of the CEO of the
company.
That CEO also comes to know that Murphy is
coming towards him.
That CEO places his droids around that place.
This means the robots which will fight with
Murphy.
Here is the entry of the robot of Murphy means
RoboCop.
He comes inside that building with his bike.
But the other droids start attacking him.
Murphy wasn't less than them.
He also fights back with them.
There were many droids and they were attacking
him continously.
Due to it, one hand of Murphy was damaged.
Here the friend of Murphy arrives.
He saves Murphy's life.
While coming in front of other robots.
Those droids didn't harm humans till humans
harm them.
He stops them.
Meanwhile, the companion of the CEO arrives
there.
He has the bracelet in his hand due to which
he can control this droid means Robocop.
Because of this control, Murphy means Robocop
couldn't shoot him.
He couldn't attack him.
But then Murphy's friend comes and shoots
that man.
And he saves Murphy's life.
Otherwise, that man could soon shut down Murphy.
Then Murphy detects that where is that CEO?
He comes to know that he is at the rooftop
of that building.
He immediately goes there to attack him.
But he comes to know that CEO was also having
that bracelet in his arm.
Due to it, that Robocop means Murphy couldn't
harm him.
Murphy collects his all emotions and after
collecting he was about to shoot him.
But his system wasn't allowing him for this.
He was crashing.
His system was shutting down.
But during this, the CEO says that I am going
to shoot your family.
He does this so that he will hurt and will
crash soon.
But from this Murphy gets benefits.
The emotions wake up in him.
He hurriedly reboots his system.
Then he shoots that CEO.
But that CEO also shoots him.
Due to it, his body was damaged.
He falls down his family comes to him while
running.
Then he was taken to the doctor.
That special doctor.
He prepares a new robotic suit for him.
And when he becomes alright his wife and his
son come to him.
They say to him that now we will live with
you always.
We will not leave you alone.
You are our life we are proud of you.
Now if we talk about sending the robots to
other countries.
So seeing everything government doesn't allow
for this.
Because droids were proving dangerous.
This movie also ends here.
Subscribe for watch more video, Turn on Notification,
Don’t Forget to Like Comment & Share. Thank
You for Watching and your time.